Hi welcome back! So, in this video we're going to talk about the Unreal development
Hola bienvenido de nuevo. En este video vamos a hablar del desarrollo en Unreal
environment, a little more so you understand what it is. But
un poco mas para que entiendas lo que es. Pero
firstly, we're going to get the Unreal Editor actually downloading in the
primero vamos a conseguir el Unreal descargandolo en el fondo
background, even if Visual Studio or Xcode is still downloading. Let's get it
incluso si Visual Studio o Xcode todavia estan descargando. VAmos a descargar
all downloading, so that we're not waiting because these things can take a while.
todo para no esperar porque estas cosas tardan un tiempo.
So, see you in there!
Nos vemos alli!
So, regardless of whether your Visual Studio has finished downloading
Independiente de si tu Visual STudio a terminado descargando
or is still downloading, I want you to now go ahead and
o esta todavia descargando, quiero que vayas y
download Unreal Engine in the background, as well, because
descarges el motor Unreal en el fondo, tambien, porque
that's going to take a while. Then, we'll continue to talk about the whole
va a tardar un tiempo. Despues continuaremos hablando de todo
system and the whole architecture while that's downloading. So, what I want you to do is just
el sistema y de toda la arquitectura mientras descarga. Lo que quiero que hagas es
type into Google, "get
escribe en Goodle “get
unreal", and where you're trying to go is just simply Unreal Engine.com.
unreal”, y donde vas a ir es a UnrealEngine.com
Now, pretty much the moment you get there you're
Justo al llegar ahi
going to be asked for an EPIC Account. You're going to need that, so if you've got
van a pedirte una cuenta EPIC. Vas a necesitarla, si tienes una
one sign in, and if you haven't got one, then sign up
entra sino, hazte una
for an Epic Account. And when you've done that, it will download
cuando lo hagas descargara
and installer, called the Epic Games Launcher.
un instalador, llamado Epic Games Laucher
I want you to open that, and then try and install Unreal Engine
quiero que lo habras e intenta installar el Unreal Engine
yourself. I want you to get a little bit responsible for doing your own things.
tu mismo, quiero que sea responsable en hacer tu mismo las actividades
It's a pretty simple process. So, here's your challenge! This is your first challenge in the
es algo simple. Aqui esta tu reto! Este es tu primer reto del curso
course, is to start the Unreal Engine download. A slide like this
hacer que se descarge el Unreal Engine. Una diapositiva como esta
means I want you to pause the video, get the Epic Games Launcher, sign in or
significa que quiero que pauses el video, descarges el Epic Games Launcher, entres o
register for Epic, get the Unreal Engine 4.10 or higher downloading,
te registres en Epic, cojas el Unreal Engine 4.10 o mas alto
and then, carry on watching the video the moment it's downloading.
y continues viendo el video cuando esta descargando
Or if you're stuck carry on watching, because I'm about to show you how to do it, but please get
O si estas atrancado sigue viendo, porque te voy a enseñar pero por favor
in the habit, right from the beginning of this course, of pausing the video when I ask you to do a challenge
entra en el habito desde el principio del curso en pausar el video cuando te pido que hagas un reto
and trying to solve things yourself! Cool! Welcome
e intentes resolver cosas tu mismo. Bien, bienvienido
back! So, let's just make this happen! So, in my case I already have an
hagamos esto. Yo ya tengo una cuenta
Epic Games account. What I need to do is
de Epic Games. Lo que necesito es
I just need to sign into it, so I use a tool called LastPass
solo tengo que entrar uso una herramienta que se llama LastPass
for that. There we go! And
y alla vamos
then, I'm going to click on GET UNREAL,
clickeo Get Unreal
and then, I'm going to ask to get the Unreal Engine.
y voy a pedir descargar Unreal Engine
So, you click Download. Now, you think that you're going to be getting yourself a big engine
clickeas descargar. Ahora crees que vas a conseguir un gran motor descargando
downloading, but you find that what comes down very very quickly is Epic
pero te das cuenta que lo primero es Epic
Games Launcher. So, we run that! Install!
Games Launcher., Ejecutamos, instalamos
And this is quite small. It's quite a small launcher. It's not
Es pequeño, un launcher pequeño
just for Unreal Engine, it's for other Epic Games products, as well, like
sirve tambien para otros juegos de epic
their past and future games and other projects they have on.
pasados futuros y otros proyectos que tienen
So, we use the Epic Games launcher, we wait until it
usamos el Epic Launcher, esperamos a que instale
installs but also updates. You might have to wait for
tambien lo actualice. Puede que tengas que esperar
the Epic Games Launcher to update,
a que actuallice
and then, click on the right one. Then, it's
y clickeas en el correcto. Te va a preguntar
going to ask you to login again. So in my case, this is unreal@
que entres de nuevo. En mi caso es unreal@
bentristem.com. Now, I need to
bentristem.com. Necesito mi
go get my password from my password management tool, LastPass,
contraseña de mi administrador de contraseñas, LastPass
and paste it into here. Perfect!
y lo copio aqui, perfecto!
Alright, so this is the Epic Games Launcher, now,
Bien, esto est Epic GAmes Launcher, ahora,
asking you to sign in. So, you have to sign into their website to get the launcher, and then
preguntandote que entres. Tienes que entrar en su pagina web para conseguir el launcher ,
you have to sign into the launcher on your machine. It will probably talk
debes entrar en el launcher en tu Pc, te hablara probablemente
about outdated shortcuts. Just click Fix Now. That's for
de accesos directos expirados. Clickea Arregla ahora. Eso es por
all of these games that they have. And where you need to go is UE4
todos esos juegos que tienen. Tienes que ir a UE4
and Install Engine. So congratulations if you
e instalar motor. Felicidades si lo
worked out how to do that! It's pretty simple. I know, small steps in the beginning.
hiciste por tu cuenta!, es facil. Lo se, pequeños pasos al principio
It's amazing how we've taken you guys from nothing, potentially, or even
es increible como os hemos llevado desde nada o incluso
experienced programmers right up to programming in industry strength
programadores con experiencia hasta programaodres con fuerza en la industria en
in C++. So, this is downloading and your Visual
C++. Esto esta descargando y tu Visual
Studio may still downloading or may have finished. But regardless there's
Studio esta todavia descargando o acabado. Pero aun asi, hay
a few things I want to talk about, while we wait for this to download. So,
varias cosas de las que quiero hablar mientras esperamos la descarga.
here we go! You've done this download challenge, let's
Has hecho este reto de descarga, movamos al
move onto the next slide. So, here's an overview of the
la siguiente diapositiva. Aqui hay un resumen del tiempo
install time scale. So, this is on an SSD, with a 100
de instalacion. ESto es un SSD con 100
megabytes per second Internet connection. There's a lot of text there, but basically,
megas por segundo de internet. Hay mucho texto aqui pero vaya
Visual Studio is going to take an hour or so. Xcode is going to take 45
Visual Studio va a tardar una hora. Xcode 45 minutos
minutes or so. The Epic Games Launcher, you just saw, pretty quick. But then,
El Epic Games Launcher bastante rapido, pero
the Unreal Editor is going to take an hour or so. Handy conversion
el motor Unreal un hora mas o menos, Conversion interesante para ti
for you, just a bit of an extra to the course. If you were to use Wolfram Alpha,
un poco extra para el curso. SI usases Wolfram ALpha
it will helpfully convert things for you. So, Wolfram Alpha is a fantastic
converteria facilmanete para ti. Wolfram Alpha es fantastico
tool for doing calculations, and I'll make quite good use of it during the course.
para hacer calculos, y hare buen uso de el durante el curso
Because if you say things like 13 gigabytes or 10
porque si dices cosas como 13 gigas o 10 megas por segundo
megabits per second, it reiterates the assumptions about
reitera la asuncion de lo
what you've said, which is call and gives you really useful units here. So
,que has dicho , y te da unidades utiles aqui. Es
2 hours 53 minutes. So, that's a bit of a bonus, on the side, for the course!
2 horas 53 miutos. Un bonus para el curso.
You've got your things downloading. Let's talk a little bit more about the eco system. So,
tienes tus programas descargando. Hablemos un poco mas del ecosistema. Muy listo!
very bright! Wow! That didn't dazzle you. Unreal Engine
no te ha sorprendido? Unreal Engine
is on both Windows there and on Mac OS, at the bottom-right,
esta en Windows y Mac, abajo a la derecha
so the engine itself will run on both. It will also run on other platforms, for instance Linux,
el motor se ejecuta en ambos. Tambien funciona en otras plataformas, como Linux,
but you'll have to build your own engine, and we're not going to be covering that. But if you're a
pero tendras que crear tu propio motor, y vamos a cubrir eso, pero si eres un
Linux guy then you can probably handle it, I'm sure. So,
chico Linux, entonces podras manejarlo, estoy seguro.
if you're on Windows then you're going to be using Visual Studio. You could use a different
si estas en Windows usaras Visual Studio. Podrias usar un IDE diferente o
IDE or Integrated Development Environment. You could indeed write
ambiente integrado de desarrollo. Podrias incluso escribir
all your code in a Text Editor. The thing that something like Visual Studio
todo tu codigo en un editor de texto. Lo que hace algo como visual Studio
or on a Mac Xcode does for you is, it helps you write
o en Mac Xcode para ti es, te ayuda a escribir
code faster and more accurately. It suggests
codigo mas rapido y preciso, te sugiere
code, it knows somethings bout your code, and it helps you just write it quicker
codigo, sabe cosas acerca de  tu codigo, y te ayuda a escribirlo mas rapido
and more accurately. And even discover things that you can do in your code. You'll see that
y mas preciso. Y descubre cosas que puedes hacer en tu codigo. Veras eso despues
later. And then, those things, the common thing is
lo comun es el sistema de archivos
the File System right. So, Visual Studio and Xcode write their compile
Visual studio y Xcode escriben su codigo compilado,
code, their processed code, onto your File System for Unreal
procesado en tu sistema de archivos para que Unreal
Engine to read. Alright, so I just
Engine lo lea.Ok hablemaos
want to talk a little about Windows and Mac OS. So, about 20%
un poco de Windows y Mac OS. Aproxiamdamente 20% usa MAc
I estimate are using Mac OS. I've got a Mac, I'm very keen on the Mac, but I am doing
yo tengo un Mac, me gusta mucho, pero estoy haciendo todo esto en Windows
this whole thing on Windows. Let me explain why. Mac OS
te explico el porque Mac Os
forces you really to use Xcode. There are other tools, but Xcode is the standard. You can't
te fuerza a usar Xcode. Hay otras herramientas, pero Xcode es el estandard. No puedes hacer
refactor on Xcode. That means that you can't refactor. C++
refactor en Xcode.
refactoring means renaming, basically,
refactorizar significa renombrar, basicamente.
and one of the most important things in computer science is renaming. In fact, somebody
algo de lo mas importante en informatica es renombrar. De hecho, alguien
said, all problems in computer science come down to renaming and cache coherency,
dijo, todos los problemas en informatica vienen de renombrar y coherencia en el cache
which we'll understand later. But you can't refactor properly in Xcode, and that's a
lo entenderremos despues. Pero no puedes refactorizar en Xcode en condiciones,, y esto es
nightmare when were learning, because we really want to be able to rename things quickly.
una pesadilla cuando estamos aprendiendo , porque queremos renombrar cosas rapido
But you know, there are ways! You can find and replace, you can manually go through.
Hay maaneras!puedes reemplazar, manualmente hacerlo
The other thing about using Mac OS is Oculus SDK isn't supported,
otro problema de Mac es que Oculus SDK no esta soportado
the software development kit for the Oculus Rift, the VR headset, and
el kit de desarrollo de Oculus Rift , los cascos VR, y
Mac's don't meed the Oculus min spec, at the moment at start,
Mac no alcanza los requerimientos de Oculus aHora
unless you're running a naughty Hackintosh! So, you could in the
a menos que tengas un travieso HACKINTOSH! podrias en la columna de la
middle column here, run a Windows Virtual Machine on the Mac and that's fine,
mitad aqui , tener una maquina virtual windos en el Mac y esta bien.
You can then use Xcode, you can do your refactoring. You
Podrias usar Xcode, hacer tu refactoring. Ejectuar tu
can run the Oculus SDK, but It might be a bit slow. You probably still won't
Oculus SDK, pero puede ir un poco lento. Probablemente no podras aun
meed the Oculus Min Spec. And finally, the best choice really is
conseguir los requerimientos de Oculus. Y la mejor eleccion es
to get Windows and then everything is
conseguir Windows y todo es
green. Whether you meet the Oculus Min Spec. depends on your graphics
verde, Tengas los requerimientos de Oculus, depende tu tarjeta grafica
card, mainly. Look at their website for the details, but it's a GTX970
p`rincipalmente. Mira su pagina pero es una GTX 970
is the minimum. Don't worry about that now, that's much later in the course. So, choosing
la minimo.No te preocupes de eso ahora eso es mas tarde en el curso. Al Elegir tu
your operating system. I would suggest the best choice is Windows, running on
tu sistema operativo , sugiero Windows en un PC o MAc
a PC or a Mac. The PC is the very top choice, because of the performance.
Pc es lo mejor por rendimiento
The second choice would be Mac, using Xcode, and the third choice
lo segundo seria MAc , usando Xcode, y el tercero
would be something else, Linux or some other Integrated Development Environment, or even a Text
otra cosa, Linus o otro IDE incluso un editor
Editor, which we won't be supporting or covering. But if you know what all that means,
de texto , que no cubriremos. pero si sabes lo que todo esto significa,
you'll know what I'm talking about and you'll be doing it anyway, because you're stubborn.
sabras de lo que hablo y lo estaras haciendo de todos modos, porque eres tenaz
"See lecture resources for further reading." So, against the Udemy lectures
are resources with clickable links. Take a look at those because there's some further reading.
So, that's all I want to cover in this video. In the next video,
we're going to check on the progress of our IDE download, and hopefully,
it's nearly there and we can get it installed and running and
write our first C++ code! See you soon, guys!